VTA docs question (#520)
chromaui/chromatic-docs: src/content/plugins/visual-tests-addon.md

</details>

<details>
<summary>Why are Doc pages missing in the published Storybook generated by my "local" build?</summary>

> By default, [Docs](https://storybook.js.org/docs/writing-docs) are disabled in local builds. We don't recommend turning Docs on for local builds because this will cause the build time to increase considerably. You can easily enable Docs by setting the following flags: `disableBlocks`, `disableAutoDocs`, `disableMDXEntries`, and `disableDocgen`. Learn more about these flags [here](https://storybook.js.org/docs/api/main-config/main-config-build#test).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, [Docs](https://storybook.js.org/docs/writing-docs) are disabled in local builds created by Visual Tests addon. 

You can enable Docs by setting the following flags: `disableBlocks`, `disableAutoDocs`, `disableMDXEntries`, and `disableDocgen`. Learn more about these flags [here](https://storybook.js.org/docs/api/main-config/main-config-build#test).

That said, we don't recommend turning Docs on for local builds because this will cause the build time to increase considerably. 
```

</details>

<details>
<summary>Why are Doc pages missing in the published Storybook generated by my "local" build?</summary>

By default, [Docs](https://storybook.js.org/docs/writing-docs) are disabled in local builds created by Visual Tests addon. 

> You can enable Docs by setting the following flags: `disableBlocks`, `disableAutoDocs`, `disableMDXEntries`, and `disableDocgen`. Learn more about these flags [here](https://storybook.js.org/docs/api/main-config/main-config-build#test).

Reviewer: Setting the flags to true or false?

Author: @winkerVSbecks 

disableBlocks: false, 
disableAutoDocs: false,
disableMDXEntries: false,
disableDocgen: false,
